Update full tutorials from develop (#567)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/scenario_management_overview/step_04/ReadMe.md

# Cycles

*Time to complete: 15 minutes; Level: Intermediate*

[Cycles](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/core/concepts/cycle/) have been introduced to reflect business situations our customers frequently encounter and can be extremely useful. 

> For instance, a large fast food chain wants to generate sales forecasts for its stores every week. When creating a given scenario, it needs to be attached to a given week. And often, a single one will be published amongst all the scenarios generated for a given week. This kind of 'official' scenario is referred to as the 'Primary' scenario in Taipy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, a large fast food chain wants to generate sales forecasts for its stores every week. When creating a given scenario, it needs to be attached to a given week. Typically, only one scenario will be shared among all the scenarios made for a specific week. This specific 'official' scenario is known as the 'Primary' scenario in Taipy.
```
